docs: add section about Slack channel invite (#16)
cordova/new_committer_and_pmc: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/NEW_COMMITER_AND_PMC.md

---
name: 💌 Add a new commiter and PMC

> about: Steps to that need to be done in order to add a new commiter and PMC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Steps that need to be done in order to add a new committer and PMC member
```
